docs: add cert-manager kube-green-webhook add-on README (#13)
mia-platform/distribution: addons/cert-manager/kube-green-webhook-certificate/README.md

# Cert Manager for kube-green Webhook Add-on

> This add-on add support for Cert Manager Certificate resource for the kube-green webhook instead of
> relay on an autogenerated one.  
> To work properly it need both the Cert Manager and kube-green module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This add-on adds support for Cert Manager Certificate resource for the kube-green webhook instead of
relying on an autogenerated one.  
To work properly it needs both the Cert Manager and kube-green module.
```

## What the Add-On Contains

> - **Webhooks:** the certificate and local issuer for generating a valid TLS certificate for the kube-green webook
> 	and the appropriate patches for removing the `initContainers` from the deployement and setting the right
> 	annotation on the webhook resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Webhooks:** the certificate and local issuer to generate a valid TLS certificate for the kube-green webook,
	and the appropriate patches to remove the `initContainers` from the deployment and setting the right
	annotation on the webhook resource
```

## Compatibility Matrix

| Add-On Version | Cert Manager Module Version | kube-green Module Version |
|----------------|-----------------------------|---------------------------|
| 1.0.0          | 1.14.0                      | 1.14.0                    |

## User customization

> No customization is needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No customization is needed. The add-on is ready-to-use.
```
